Let's go then we
OK
What's the matter, I met a friend, you can go back first
See you.
Lin Yue, listen to me explain to you.
Needless to say, I saw it all.
So you these days
Are you busy dating?
It's not what you think.
I was going to help you
But Xu Ze told him
He likes me.
I didn't agree
But he was chasing me.
come and go
I fell in love with him
Lin Yue, we are the best friends
I don't want to hurt my feelings because of this.
So I didn't tell you to stop.
Yueyue sorry
Hello, I'm Xiaotong.
I'm your good friend to make you happy.
He said he did something wrong and I'm sorry for you.
You haven't paid attention to him all this time.
He is really sad.
Yueyue
I'm really sorry.
If you don't forgive me
I can break up with him.
Never mind.
Emotions can't be forced
Since he chose you
Then I have nothing to say
But I have always regarded you as my best friend
I hope you will always be happy.
Yueyue
Oh, it's nice to have you, okay, okay.